docs: Add cloud-sdk-go specific styleguide (#177)
elastic/cloud-sdk-go: developer_docs/STYLEGUIDE.md

  - [Config or params as the only function parameter](#config-or-params-as-the-only-function-parameter)
  - [Functions and methods](#functions-and-methods)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Extras](#extras)

## General patterns

Our codebase is structured very similarly to what [DDD (Domain Driven Design)](https://martinfowler.com/bliki/EvansClassification.html) dictates, and even though there’s no strict naming or patterns being enforced we try to follow it as a good practice.

## Errors

All errors should be informative and helpful. Something like "deployment ID not specified and is required for this operation" is more useful than "no ID". This is a helpful blog post on the subject: [How to Write Good Error Messages.](https://uxplanet.org/how-to-write-good-error-messages-858e4551cd4)

Error strings should not be capitalised or end with punctuation, since they are usually printed following other context.

In regards to packages, we prefer to use the `"errors"` standard library package over `"github.com/pkg/errors"`

### Error handling

All errors must be handled and returned, `_` variables must not be used to discard them.

### API Errors

> API errors should always be encapsulated with `apierr.Unwrap()`, this function tries to break down and inspect the encapsulated and multi-layer wraps that the API errors contain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API errors should always be encapsulated with [`apierror.Unwrap()`](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-sdk-go/blob/master/pkg/api/apierror/unwrap.go#L59), this function tries to break down and inspect the encapsulated and multi-layer wraps that the API errors contain.
```

### Multiple errors

> When multiple errors can be returned, it is preferable to use the `mutlierror.Prefixed` type to return all the possible errors with a prefixed string to include some context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple errors can be returned, it is preferable to use the [`mutlierror.Prefixed`](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-sdk-go/blob/master/pkg/multierror/prefixed.go#L41) type to return all the possible errors with a prefixed string to include some context.
```
